AzureKVP Telemetry Library for Hyper-V Integration (#133)
Azure/azure-init: README.md

## libazureinit

For common library used by this reference implementation, please refer to [libazureinit](https://github.com/Azure/azure-init/tree/main/libazureinit/).

> ## Tracing Logic Overview

Reviewer: maybe this should be its own doc under /doc/?

Author: Agreed -- I will make a /doc folder and add it there instead of in the ReadME.

### How Tracing is Set Up

The tracing setup in this project is built around three key layers, each with its own responsibility:

1. **EmitKVPLayer**: Custom Layer for Span Processing
2. **OpenTelemetryLayer**: Context Propagation and Span Export
3. **stderr_layer**: Formatting and Logging to stderr

These layers work together, yet independently, to process span data as it flows through the program.

### Layer Overview

#### 1. EmitKVPLayer

> - **Purpose**: This custom layer is responsible for processing spans by capturing their metadata, generating key-value pairs, encoding them into a specific format, and writing the encoded data to the VM's hyperV file. 

Reviewer: Maybe drop a link to 

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/reference/integration-services#hyper-v-data-exchange-service-kvp

Indicate this is meant for consumption by `hv_kvp_daemon` service, which typically reads from `/var/lib/hyperv/.kvp_pool_1`.

- **How It Works**:
  - When a span is created, `EmitKVPLayer` processes the span's metadata, generating a unique key for the span and encoding the span data into a binary format.
  - This encoded data is then written to `/var/lib/hyperv/.kvp_pool_1`.

#### 2. OpenTelemetryLayer

- **Purpose**: This layer integrates with the OpenTelemetry framework to handle context propagation and export span data to an external tracing backend (e.g., Jaeger, Prometheus) or to stdout.
- **How It Works**:
  - As spans are created and processed, the `OpenTelemetryLayer` ensures that context is propagated correctly across different parts of the program, which is crucial in distributed systems for tracing requests across service boundaries.
  - The span data is then exported to a configured backend or stdout, where it can be visualized and analyzed using OpenTelemetry-compatible tools.

#### 3. stderr_layer

- **Purpose**: This layer formats and logs span data to stderr or a specified log file, providing a human-readable output for immediate inspection.
- **How It Works**:

>   - Each span’s lifecycle events are logged in a structured format, making it easy to see the flow of execution in the console or log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Each span's lifecycle events are logged in a structured format, making it easy to see the flow of execution in the console or log files.
```
